Additional documentation for managing local state (#10282)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/local-state/managing-state-with-field-policies.mdx

> If you query a local-only field that _doesn't_ define a `read` function, Apollo Client performs a default cache lookup for the field. See [Storing local state in the cache](#storing-local-state-in-the-cache) for details.

### Reads are synchronous by design

> Many UI frameworks like React (without `Suspense`) have synchronous rendering pipelines so it's important for UI components to have immediate access to any existing data.  So all `read` functions are synchronous, as are the cache's `readQuery` and `readFragment` methods.  It is possible, however, to leverage reactive variables and `options.storage` to roll your own asynchronous `read` function:

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we can word this differently, are we saying That this only applies to use cases where React is being used without suspense?

Author: Thanks for that observation - this snippet would still work regardless of Suspense usage.  I'm paraphrasing Ben's [comment](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/issues/6852#issuecomment-674984235) here so I'm guessing at his intentions.  My interpretation is that in an effort to offer a more complete summary of UI framework assumptions he wanted to point out Suspense as an exception.  Happy to go into more detail or leave it out

Reviewer: > many UI frameworks (including React, at least without Suspense) have synchronous rendering pipelines, so it's important for UI components to have immediate access to any existing data.  Based on his original comment I made one minor suggestion. Thanks!

```suggestion
Many UI frameworks like React (when not using `Suspense`) have synchronous rendering pipelines so it's important for UI components to have immediate access to any existing data.  So all `read` functions are synchronous, as are the cache's `readQuery` and `readFragment` methods.  It is possible, however, to leverage reactive variables and `options.storage` to roll your own asynchronous `read` function:
```

<ExpansionPanel title="See example">

```js
new InMemoryCache({
  typePolicies: {
    Person: {
      fields: {
        isInCart: {

>           read(_, { variables, storage }) {

Reviewer 2: I tend to think of an async read function as something that would return a promise and the wording in the sentence above would lead me to believe I'd see something like an `async read(...)` in here. Based on this example, it looks like this `read` function is still synchronous, just with the a side-effect that the storage variable is updated sometime after the first read function is kicked off. 

Should this truly be an async function (e.g. `async read()`), or should we tweak the language above to better reflect the behavior in the example? I'm not sure of the intent on the comment about async reads.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out.  It looks like an async function would be the ideal outcome of a [future feature](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/issues/6852#issuecomment-674984235).  This workaround, though, doesn't use a promise.  I tried wordsmithing the above a bit.  How's this?

```diff
diff --git a/docs/source/local-state/managing-state-with-field-policies.mdx b/docs/source/local-state/managing-state-with-field-policies.mdx
index ae6da0682..91131ac08 100644
--- a/docs/source/local-state/managing-state-with-field-policies.mdx
+++ b/docs/source/local-state/managing-state-with-field-policies.mdx
@@ -62,7 +62,7 @@ You can use `read` functions to perform any sort of logic you want, including:
 
 ### Reads are synchronous by design
 
-Many UI frameworks like React (without `Suspense`) have synchronous rendering pipelines so it's important for UI components to have immediate access to any existing data.  So all `read` functions are synchronous, as are the cache's `readQuery` and `readFragment` methods.  It is possible, however, to leverage reactive variables and `options.storage` to roll your own asynchronous `read` function:
+Many UI frameworks like React have synchronous rendering pipelines, therefore it's important for UI components to have immediate access to any existing data.  This is why all `read` functions are synchronous, as are the cache's `readQuery` and `readFragment` methods.  It is possible, however, to leverage reactive variables and `options.storage` to compose a `read` function that behaves in a manner that resembles an asynchronous action:
 
 <ExpansionPanel title="See example">
 
```

Reviewer 2: I like that much better!

Author: Updated - thanks!
